(OPENING THEME PLAYING)
Teen Titans, let's go!
Check it out.
My new laser cannon.
Fire it up, Beasty.
You got it, bro.
(MEOWS)
Whoa, now,
what's with the cat?
Keeps me frosty.
That's what I like to hear.
Hit it!
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(CANNON CHARGING)
Oh, it looks very
laser-cannony, Cyborg.
So beautiful.
(BEEPING)
Hey, don't touch that.
I wasn't going
to touch nothing, yo.
So, Cyborg, how much power
does the cannon have?
Well, it's got 54 giga...
I said do not touch that!
-I wasn't.
-Yeah, you were.
You gots me, mama.
I was going to touch it.
You know how cats be.
(PURRS)
Please, Beast Boy, fight
your animal urges for once.
(GROANS) All right,
all right, all right!
I won't touch anything.
As I was saying,
it's got a 54 giga...
Get your hand away
from that button!
You will kill us all
if you touch that button!
Sorry, won't happen again.
(BEEP)
(GROANING)
ROBIN: What...
What happened?
Uh, I pretty much
killed you, yo.
But don't worry.
I replaced all the blood
you lost with my own.
Your blood?
-In us?
-Gross.
Please remove it.
(TITANS GROANING)
(RETCHING)
Oh, come on.
I saved your lives.
After you almost killed us.
Yeah, sorry about that.
You just couldn't resist your
animal urges, Beast Boy.
I am so mad, I...
(SNARLS)
(HOWLING)
Dude, you just
transformed into a dog.
Beast Boy's blood must
have given us the power
to turn into animals.
(GROWLS)
I wish to turn into
the animal... (MEOWS)
(GASPS)
I am the adorable.
(SINGING)
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow
♪ Meow, meow,
meow, meow, meow ♪
I'm thirsty.
Refreshing.
(SQUAWKING) This is so cool.
Now, remember, Titans.
We can be animals.
We just can't become them.
Whatever, I just want to
turn into a tiny donkey.
ALL: Go, tiny donkey!
(DANCE MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ I like your style! ♪
Breakfast ready.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
What smells so good?
We are breaking the fast.
Not that smell.
(SNIFFS) That smell.
Bro, bring that butt on
over here so I can get
a better sniff.
(SNIFFS) Oh, yeah, yeah.
Guys, get in on this.
(DOG BARKING)
(SNIFFING)
You've got a good bouquet
going on there, Cy.
Motor oil and...
(SNIFFS) Ooh,
is that a hint of meatball?
(LAUGHS) It is.
(SNIFFS) Hmm, not bad.
Whoo, doggy!
I could sniff butts all day.
Why stop at sniffin' butts?
Check this out.
(SCREECHING)
Whoo-hoo! (LAUGHS)
We've got that good air
in our face and the sun
on our wings.
I could already do
the flying before.
Sure.
But could you do this?
(SCREECHING)
(WHISTLING)
(DEFECATES) Nice car, bro!
-(ALL LAUGH)
-I've got you.
(LAUGHING CONTINUES)
Over there.
It's the H.I.V.E.
Let's get 'em!
(GRUNTS)
(EXCLAIMS)
STARFIRE: Chomp, chomp, chomp!
ROBIN: Yep.
Nothing like a game
of cards after a long day
of sniffing butts
and pooping on cars.
Indeed, it is so wonderful
being the animals and...
(SCREAMS)
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
(SCREAMS AND PANTS)
What was that about, Star?
Outside, I saw...
The cat.
ALL: (REPEATING)
Cat, cat, cat, cat, cat!
(ALL BARKING)
Whoa, what's happening to us?
That's your animal urges, yo.
Friends, is it safe for us
to continue the animal life?
Absolutely, we are people.
Suppressing our
animal urges is what we
do all day, everyday.
Hey, the moon is out.
(ALL HOWLING)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS)
(SQUAWKS)
(MEOWS)
(SNORING)
What up, dogs?
You ready to sniff some butts?
You know it.
(ALL STRAINING)
Our shapes have not shifted.
Then our ability to transform
must have been temporary.
And yet, I still yearn
to claw the furniture.
And I just want a cracker.
Any cracker will do.
Is it just me or is it
crazy dry in here?
Uh, you okay, Ray-Ray?
(THUD)
I'm good.
(SHATTERING)
Hey, stop messing with that.
Never!
Man, I really want a cracker.
Cyborg want a cracker!
Man, you guys
are a bunch of animals.
Control your urges, yo.
(SNIFFING)
Stop that.
-Uh, here, fetch.
-(PANTING)
-Mine. I saw it first!
-Give me the toy!
Hey, hey, hey.
No fighting.
-(HISSES)
-(WHIMPERS)
(SQUISHES)
Oh, gross!
Robin, did you do this?
Why are you blaming me?
Because you're trying to pee
in the corner right now.
-Stop that, bad boy. Bad!
-(WHIMPERS)
I said, "No."
Hey! (WHIMPERS)
You guys gotta control
your animal urges.
You're gonna learn
the same way I did.
When you're good,
you get a treat.
But when you're bad
you get the spray bottle.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(MEOWS)
(WHIMPERS)
(BARKS)
(SQUAWKS)
Good boy, good girl.
Treats for everyone, yo.
CYBORG: Booyah.
Hey, where's Raven?
Oh, no.
I forgot to feed her!
She's dead!
(ALL GASP)
May I eat her?
-(HISSES)
-No, she's gonna have
a dignified funeral.
Raven... (SIGHS)
Oh, you were a great teammate,
but even a better fish.
Now we send you
back to the sea,
where you can swim forever.
(SIGHS)
Dude, she's not
going to the sea, she's
going to the sewer.
Oh, uh,
now we send you
back to the sewer
where flushed pets mutate,
and roam free.
(FLUSHING)
(SOBBING)
(BLUBBERING) Get in...
It's so big.
Just flush already.
Flush!
(PANTING AND SOBBING)
Finally, ugh.
May she rest in peace.
(HOWLING SADLY)
(SLURPING)
Man, Raven's dead,
the place is a mess
and it smells terrible.
(ALARM BUZZING)
Crime alert! Cinderblock
is attacking the city.
Come on, dude.
Say the thing you always say.
Tut-tut, aren't you
forgetting something?
(GROANS)
-Now?
-After you rub my tummy.
Who's a good boy?
-Who's the good boy?
-Ooh, ooh, I am, I am.
I'm a good boy.
Titans, go!
(ROARS)
Let's do this!
(WHIMPERING)
Bro, get down here.
(CAWING)
I finally understand why
you guys always told me
to control my animal urges.
(GULPS)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYS)
Attack!
(ROARS)
(GASPS) Oh, Raven!
What happened to you?
Well, I was sleeping,
and the next thing I know
I wake up in the sewer.
I'm super mutated,
and I've got cool new
mutant sewer friends.
-Sup? Sup?
-Hey, dudes.
Hey, dudes.
-Yeah, sup?
-Hey, dudes.
Awesome.
(ROARS)
We got this.
Sup?
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
Ahhh!
I think we all learned
a valuable lesson today.
If you flush a friend
down the toilet,
they will come back
horribly mutated,
and save your butt
from Cinderblock.
Thank you for saving us,
Raven.
No problem.
My new bros are gonna hang,
if that's cool.
-Sup?
-Hey, dudes.
(CLOSING THEME PLAYING)